# Leisure Activities in the United States
As our world becomes more digitized and automated, human culture has adapted in a variety of ways, such as the expansion of knowledge and society as a whole having embraced the development of specialized roles in employment and interdependence through the division of labor.  Another change is the expansion of time available to people to participate in leisure activities.  Now more than any other time in the history of humankind we have the opportunities and time to participate in nearly any type of activity in our available off time, and such opportunities have cultivated new types of entertainment as technology and culture evolve.
The question I pose is whether or not more people are spending this additional leisure time in or near their homes rather than traveling to a different venue.  I believe that advances in technology produce the capability to bring the world into the home, so more leisure activities are occurring there, especially with the development of virtual reality.
The data that I’m using to test this hypothesis comes from “Adult Participation In Selected Leisure Activities By Frequency: 2018 [As Of Fall]” as provided by the ProQuest Statistical Abstract of the U.S. (https://statabs-proquest-com.ezproxy.bellevue.edu/sa/docview.html?table-no=1269&acc-no=C7095-1.26&year=2020&z=187A84E2AB438865E1A89BF8BE7405A9A7BC5F95).  This data set covers the top leisure activities over the course of nine years from 2010 to 2018, listing the totals in thousands that participate in those activities as well as the approximate percentage of the total adult population of the United States that participate in each activity.  Due to the fact that the total adult population estimates of each year are different, I am going to use these percentages to compare values so that each value is representative in a manner that is equivalent.

At the end of my analysis, I was surprised to find that the means of both the local and remote activities were exceptionally close to one another – although there are more local activities in the data (36 activities that were participated in near the participant’s domicile versus 22 activities that required travel to another venue), many of the remote activities had a very high percentage in each of the years (Dining out, for example), resulting in an overall balance between the two groups.  I would have preferred to expand the dataset in both the number of years it covered as well as the number of activities presented.  Additionally, being able to distinguish between the overlap of some answers (especially “PC/computer games (play online with software)” and “PC/computer games (play online without software)”) would allow for alterations that could have merged them into new variables (in this case, “PC/computer games (play online)”).
